Ad57xx doc (#236)
analogdevicesinc/testbenches: docs/testbenches/project_based/ad57xx/index.rst

   * - THREE_WIRE
     - 0
   * - CPOL
     - 0
   * - CPHA
     - 1
   * - SDO_IDLE_STATE
     - 0
   * - SLAVE_TIN
     - 0
   * - SLAVE_TOUT
     - 0
   * - CS_TO_MISO
     - 0
   * - CLOCK_DIVIDER
     - 1
   * - NUM_OF_WORDS
     - 1
   * - NUM_OF_TRANSFERS
     - 3
   * - CS_ACTIVE_HIGH
     - 0
   * - PWM_PERIOD
     - 98
   * - TEST_DATA_MODE
     - DATA_MODE_PATTERN

Tests
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The following test program files are available:

=============== ==========================================
Test program    Usage
=============== ==========================================
test_program    Tests the serial interface capabilities.
=============== ==========================================

Available configurations & tests combinations
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The test program is compatible with the above mentioned configuration.

CPU/Memory interconnects addresses
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Below are the CPU/Memory interconnect addresses used in this project:

=====================  ===========

> Instance               Address

Reviewer: Please add DDR and Interrupt controller addresses.

     - :external+hdl:ref:`spi_engine interconnect`
   * - SPI_ENGINE_OFFLOAD
     - :git-hdl:`library/spi_engine/spi_engine_offload`
     - :external+hdl:ref:`spi_engine offload`
   * - SYSID_ROM
     - :git-hdl:`library/sysid_rom`
     - :external+hdl:ref:`axi_sysid`

Testbenches related dependencies
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. include:: ../../common/dependency_common.rst

Testbench specific dependencies:

.. list-table::
   :widths: 30 45 25
   :header-rows: 1

   * - SV dependency name
     - Source code link
     - Documentation link
   * - ADI_REGMAP_CLKGEN_PKG
     - :git-testbenches:`library/regmaps/adi_regmap_clkgen_pkg.sv`
     - ---
   * - ADI_REGMAP_DMAC_PKG
     - :git-testbenches:`library/regmaps/adi_regmap_dmac_pkg.sv`
     - ---
   * - ADI_REGMAP_PWM_PKG
     - :git-testbenches:`library/regmaps/adi_regmap_pwm_pkg.sv`
     - ---
   * - ADI_REGMAP_SPI_ENGINE_PKG
     - :git-testbenches:`library/regmaps/adi_regmap_spi_engine_pkg.sv`
     - ---
   * - SPI_ENGINE_INSTR_PKG
     - :git-testbenches:`library/drivers/spi_engine/spi_engine_instr_pkg.sv`
     - :ref:`spi_vip`

> 

Reviewer: Previously I missed the comment regarding the VIP. It can be added here, to the Testbench specific dependencies.

Currently only a single configuration file is available: cfg1, which aproximates
the operation of an AD5780 device.

.. list-table::
   :header-rows: 2

   * - cfg1
     -
   * - Parameter
     - Value
   * - DATA_DLENGTH
     - 24
   * - THREE_WIRE
     - 0
   * - CPOL
     - 0
   * - CPHA
     - 1
   * - SDO_IDLE_STATE
     - 0
   * - SLAVE_TIN
     - 0
   * - SLAVE_TOUT
     - 0
   * - CS_TO_MISO
     - 0
   * - CLOCK_DIVIDER
     - 1
   * - NUM_OF_WORDS
     - 1
   * - NUM_OF_TRANSFERS
     - 3
   * - CS_ACTIVE_HIGH
     - 0
   * - PWM_PERIOD
     - 98
   * - TEST_DATA_MODE
     - DATA_MODE_PATTERN

Tests
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The following test program files are available:

=============== ==========================================
Test program    Usage
=============== ==========================================
test_program    Tests the serial interface capabilities.
=============== ==========================================

Available configurations & tests combinations
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> The test program is compatible with all of the above mentioned configurations.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The test program is compatible with the above mentioned configuration.
```

.. list-table::
   :widths: 30 45 25
   :header-rows: 1

   * - IP name
     - Source code link
     - Documentation link
   * - IP name
     - Source code link
     - Documentation link
   * - AXI_CLKGEN
     - :git-hdl:`library/axi_clkgen  <library/axi_clkgen>`
     - :external+hdl:ref:`axi_clkgen`
   * - AXI_DMAC
     - :git-hdl:`library/axi_dmac`
     - :external+hdl:ref:`axi_dmac`
   * - AXI_PWM_GEN
     - :git-hdl:`library/axi_pwm_gen`
     - :external+hdl:ref:`axi_pwm_gen`
   * - AXI_SYSID
     - :git-hdl:`library/axi_sysid`
     - :external+hdl:ref:`axi_sysid`
   * - AXI_SPI_ENGINE
     - :git-hdl:`library/spi_engine/axi_spi_engine`
     - :external+hdl:ref:`spi_engine axi`
   * - SPI_ENGINE_EXECUTION
     - :git-hdl:`library/spi_engine/spi_engine_execution`
     - :external+hdl:ref:`spi_engine execution`
   * - SPI_ENGINE_INTERCONNECT
     - :git-hdl:`library/spi_engine/spi_engine_interconnect`
     - :external+hdl:ref:`spi_engine interconnect`
   * - SPI_ENGINE_OFFLOAD
     - :git-hdl:`library/spi_engine/spi_engine_offload`
     - :external+hdl:ref:`spi_engine offload`
   * - SYSID_ROM
     - :git-hdl:`library/sysid_rom`
     - :external+hdl:ref:`axi_sysid`

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

Testbenches related dependencies
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. include:: ../../common/dependency_common.rst

Testbench specific dependencies:

.. Unsure how the below interacts with the new Makeinclude infrastructure
.. Nor how to list the VIP

.. list-table::
   :widths: 30 45 25
   :header-rows: 1

   * - SV dependency name
     - Source code link
     - Documentation link
   * - ADI_REGMAP_CLKGEN_PKG
     - :git-testbenches:`library/regmaps/adi_regmap_clkgen_pkg.sv`
     - ---
   * - ADI_REGMAP_DMAC_PKG
     - :git-testbenches:`library/regmaps/adi_regmap_dmac_pkg.sv`
     - ---
   * - ADI_REGMAP_PWM_PKG
     - :git-testbenches:`library/regmaps/adi_regmap_pwm_pkg.sv`
     - ---
   * - ADI_REGMAP_SPI_ENGINE_PKG
     - :git-testbenches:`library/regmaps/adi_regmap_spi_engine_pkg.sv`
     - ---
   * - SPI_ENGINE_INSTR_PKG
     - :git-testbenches:`library/drivers/spi_engine/spi_engine_instr_pkg.sv`
     - :ref:`spi_vip`

> 

Reviewer: There were some attempts to have a Makeinclude-like dependency list creation, which didn't turn out as expected. The issue that I've faced was that I couldn't concatenate/compile multiple small tables into one, to have a clean look. The other part that I saw was that some of the dependencies were appearing multiple times, as they are present in a couple of Makeinclude files, which becomes messy. Because of these, we went with the list all dependencies manually approach, so no, you don't need to change anything. It's all good.

     - ---
   * - SPI_ENGINE_INSTR_PKG
     - :git-testbenches:`library/drivers/spi_engine/spi_engine_instr_pkg.sv`
     - :external+hdl:ref:`spi_engine instruction-format`
   * - ADI SPI VIP

>      - :git-testbenches:`library/vip/adi/spi_vip/adi_spi_vip_pkg.sv`

Reviewer: Consider changing the link to the SPI VIP folder itself, instead of the package only, as the VIP includes more than just the simulation related modules.
